newsletter.txt

Subject: 1.Don’t Miss Our Exciting News!!!

2. Historic News!!

3. New Name, New Capacity, New Look= More Lives Changed

Banner Graphic
Global Strategies for HIV Prevention + International Pediatric Outreach Project =
Coming together for women and children

Introducing Global Strategies (maybe use the new font?)! Click here to find out
about the merger and what it means for helping even more women and children.

Check Out the New Global Strategies Website!
We are pleased to announce that Global Strategies’ new website is now live!
You will immediately notice a vibrant new look that will be prominent in
our materials for initiatives and events in 2013 and beyond. Our new puzzle
piece logo showcases (highlights, demonstrates?) how together we are all
part of the solution. It takes all of us, partners on the ground, donors, staff
and volunteer medical professionals, working together to improve the lives
of women and children in the most neglected areas of the world.

The new www.globalstrategies.org will help us continue to advance
awareness, advocacy and programs on behalf of women and children with
limited or no access to healthcare. The website also features personal stories
and updates from the field. You can donate online as part of the new Hope
Partner program providing monthly sustaining support in our daily fight to
care for women and children or donate online with a one-time gift. Global
Strategies will be adding new content to the new site throughout the year.
Share the new website – www.globalstrategies.org – with your network
today, and let us know what you think!
Dr. Ammann featured guest on KQED
Last week Dr. Art Ammann joined Anthony Fauci (director at the NIH) and
Michael Krasny on KQED to discuss the issues raised by the recent news
that scientists say a two-year-old Mississippi girl who was born with HIV
has been cured of the infection. While this encouraging story is still being
investigated, in the program Dr. Ammann pointed out the need for early
treatment for all babies and children exposed to HIV.