title:Frequently Asked Questions
----

maincolumn1: 

##Is my gift to Global Strategies tax deductible?
Your gift is fully tax deductible, as Global Strategies is a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization.

##When will I receive a donation receipt for tax purposes?
You will receive an email confirmation immediately upon giving by credit card. If your gift was via check, you will receive a receipt by mail within 2 weeks. All Hope Partners donors will receive an annual giving statement mailed by January 31.

##What is your donor privacy policy?
Global Strategies will not sell, rent, or lease your personal information to other organizations. The identity of all our donors will be kept confidential.  Use of donor information will be limited to the internal purposes of Global Strategies for appropriate gift acknowledgment, and only to further the activities and purposes of Global Strategies. 


##What are you doing to be good stewards of your funds?
Global Strategies voluntarily undergoes an independent audit each year, and our Board of Directors helps monitor our budget and monthly financial statements. Our form 990 is available for (link:about-us/financial-reports text:download here). Each year we strive to spend at least 75-80% of funds on programs, using the remaining 20-25% toward administrative and fundraising expenses that ultimately will allow our programs to increase in efficiency, effectiveness and sustainability.

----
maincolumn2:

##How do I donate to Global Strategies?
You may make a gift to Global Strategies in a variety of ways. We accept online donations via credit card or via check (mail to: 828 San Pablo Avenue, Suite 260, Albany, CA 94706). We accept company matching gifts, click here to look up your company. We accept gifts of stock, real estate, and estate bequests and to discuss these options, please email (email:giving@globalstrategies.org).

##I am a donor and my contact information has changed. What should I do?
Please contact our office at (415) 451-1814 or email (email:giving@globalstrategies.org) and we will be sure to update your contact information in our database.

##How do I schedule automatic, recurring gifts to Global Strategies? How do I make changes?
You may set up automatic, recurring gifts by credit card by (link:give/hope-partners text:becoming a Hope Partner). To set up gifts by bank draft, please call our office at (415) 451-1814. We will need to know the type of bank account (checking or savings), bank account number, and routing number. You can increase, decrease or cancel your monthly or annually recurring donation at any time by contacting our office.

##At this time, I can’t give $30 each month.

While the Hope Partner program is for Global Strategies supporters giving $30 or more each month, we are grateful for your support at any level and your gift truly makes a difference. 

----

